[dataprotection] Full support for Soft Delete in V2 (#6639)
Azure/azure-cli-extensions: src/dataprotection/HISTORY.rst

Release History
===============
0.10.0
++++++

> * Added complete support for Soft Delete
> * `az dataprotection backup-instance deleted-backup-instance`: Adds support to list, show, and undelete soft deleted backed up instances

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add complete support for Soft Delete
* `az dataprotection backup-instance deleted-backup-instance`: Add support to list, show, and undelete soft deleted backed up instances
```
